Course Overview
Advanced Web Attacks and Exploitation (AWAE) is the premier web application security and pentesting training. Through a unique combination of hands-on and classroom-based learning, AWAE condenses the time it takes for students to successfully learn about the complex tools, techniques, and approach that sophisticated cybercriminals use to create advanced exploits.

To take training outside of the classroom, each student receives access to a virtual penetration testing lab where techniques learned within the course can be practiced in a safe and legal environment. Upon successful completion of the course and certification exam, you will officially become an Offensive Security Web Expert (OSWE), which demonstrates you have mastered the art of exploiting front-facing web applications.

Who is this course for?
Advanced Web Attacks and Exploitation is not an entry-level course. It has been designed for:

Experienced penetration testers looking to take their web application testing skills to the next level
Web application developers who need to understand how their code is attacked
Course Prerequisites
Advanced Web Attacks and Exploitation has the following prerequisites:

Previous familiarity with web application attack vectors, theory, and practice
Familiarity with Linux in general, file permissions, navigation, editing, and running scripts
Ability to write simple Python / Perl / PHP / Bash scripts
Previous familiarity with web proxies, such as Burp Suite and similar tools
Only a few days into @offsectraining new #AWAE online course and already learned a TON! If your interested in learning complex web attack-chaining and advanced web app pentesting, this course is for you.

@Octavian
Course Overview & Syllabus
AWAE is not a fuzzing course and as such, the bulk of your time will be spent analyzing source code, decompiling Java, debugging DLLs, manipulating requests, and more, using tools like Burp Suite, dnSpy, JD-GUI, Visual Studio, and the trusty text editor. The course covers the following topics in detail; for a more complete breakdown of the course topics, please refer to the AWAE Syllabus.

Persistent Cross-Site Scripting
Session Hijacking
.NET Deserialization
Data Exfiltration
Bypassing File Extension Filters
Magic Hashes
PostgreSQL Extension and User Defined Functions
Bypassing REGEX restrictions
Cross-Site Request Forgery
Type Juggling
Blind SQL Injection
Bypassing File Upload Restrictions
Loose Comparisons
Bypassing Character Restrictions
PostgreSQL Large Objects
Debugging .NET Assemblies
What competencies will you gain?
Greater confidence in performing advanced web application source code auditing
Improved ability to analyze code, write scripts, and exploit web vulnerabilities
Ability to implement multi-step, chained attacks making use of multiple vulnerabilities
Increased comfort using creative and lateral thinking to achieve expanded view of standard vectors
Ability to think outside of the box in order to determine innovative ways of exploiting web vulnerabilities